Test paper 
General Instructions:
---------------------
Important: Paper Test not execution

Note:  1. All functions should have relevant parameters and return types should choose by you
       2. Don't copy, if found, you will not be allowed to sit in placements drives in Jspiders
       3. Don't discuss with your friends
Approach:
    1. read and understand the problem statement, solution is easy
    2. write down first skeleton of function and once it is perfect then code functions in paper


1. Customer uses ATM machine to withdraw draw. Withdrawal is a functionality of ATM machine 
which accepts two data amount to withdraw and PIN. If PIN is valid and balance is sufficient 
withdrawal should be success.

2. Seller setting in counter is responsible to calculate total bill to be paid by a customer. 
Write a function to make his life easy, the function should accept an array containing the price
of items to be purchased. Total bill should be inclusive of GST.

3. The Examiner is have list of student marks. He is responsible to award grade to each student based on the marks scored. You are assigned a task create a function which will make Examiner work easy. The function
should accept an array containing the student marks. The function should award grade on below criteria
    1. student marks > 80.00 should be awarded as "Excellent"
    2. student marks in the range >70.0 <=79.99 should be awarded "Very Good"
    3. student marks in the range >60.0 <=69.99 should be awarded "Good"
    4. student marks in the range below 60 should be awarded "BAD"
    
    E.g Case 1: if one of the array element is 85.00 the your function o/p should be
            85.00 ----> Excellent
        Case 2: if one of the array element is 76.00 the your function o/p should be
            76.00 ----> Very Good
        like wise
        Note array all combination of marks

4. The HR department of an organisation decided to award bonus on the occasion of Mahashivaratri.
The bonus is calculate based the salary and performance rating. Employee salary is stored in empSalaryArrary
and employee performance is stored in empPerfArray. Both array are in same order. e.g salary in first
element of empSalaryArrary matches to performance in first element of empPerfArray. 
The bonus chart is mentioned below

    performance rating                  bonus
    5                                 50% of salary 
    4                                 40% of salary
    3                                 30% of salary
    2                                 20% of salary
    1                                 10% of salary
You must define function for HR department. 
Hint: function should take two array